so some people have said in my previous
video comparing the macbook air to the
64gb ipad that the ipad in a lot of ways
was more versatile more flexible and i
also went ahead and pulled up an article
just the usual question of when tablets
would replace laptops or if now a lot of
you are thinking that the ipad is a
media consumption device and this is
true but let's just say for sake of
argument that that tablets eventually
would replace laptops in regards to the
ipad what would I like to see in the
next version that would essentially help
it to replace a laptop now all of these
are software related because in order to
get the only hardware feature I want I
would essentially be able to get it
through it through a dongle that would
be essentially a 30 pin to USB converter
which would essentially allow access to
thumb drives and the thumb drives our
reason or a reason to have the following
the next feature which begins my list of
software enhancements first of all is a
native file system and the reason is
because um right now there is none
there's some bit there are some
productivity apps but a lot of them
require you to utilize a cloud service
such as Dropbox which is something I'm
not necessarily ready to do full time
I've done it in the past but I have not
used my Dropbox in a long time I prefer
to store everything locally say on a
memory drive a thumb drive second is and
this has to do with the multitasking
aspect of it right now in iOS 5 if you
pause on a facetime call the whole
business will essentially
was out including the microphone or
these that's what happened to a friend
of mine the other day um and what will
be nice is instead of doing that now
this would have to be an iPad exclusive
because with the iphone and ipod touch i
don't see the screen being big enough to
do this you get the ability in the
multitasking um app switcher to not only
go all the way back to adjust your
volume in contrast but if you go back
one more time it will show you a
miniature representation of of your call
and give you controls for managing said
call and even an option say to have it
would save lives in landscape mode we
could have it over here in the very
bottom corner of your screen and that
way you can keep the facetime call going
still in full force with including video
while you're trying to while you're
trying to go to a website that your
friends telling you about another thing
in terms of social interaction between
others is the ability to replicate I
chats screen sharing feature in fact
replicate ichat period um I'd love to
see and I chat for iOS natively from
Apple I think that would be really
really cool that they did that and
finally there's a one last thing and
that has to do with YouTube the story
with YouTube um is a lot of times I will
listen in on essentially what we what
will be a video panel discussion and
excuse me rather than take a look at the
people for a good excuse me 20-30
minutes I'd rather just go and excuse me
check my email well as it stands if i go
to do that on the ipad it will pause the
video what will be nice is the ability
to do the same thing with what
the YouTube video that I did with
facetime it'll be an option you could
turn it on or off but to have it
minimized say in the corner or being
migrated to the app switcher but have
the video still in operation and I think
that if we were to get those things um
that I think that the ipad could in
could pretty much replace a laptop and
again let's go over those really the
only hardware feature like I said would
be a 30 pin to USB dongle for things
like card readers and thumb drives and
whatnot which would lead into the
software features beginning with a
native file system with drag-and-drop
capabilities um the YouTube video
miniaturization while you're doing
something else and also the and also the
facetime miniaturization while you doing
something else and again these are
primarily software features my ideas
that you would have an on and off switch
so that if you wanted to activate them
you could but the processor i think is
more than capable of handling this it's
just a matter of building it into the
software oh and ichat i forgot and um
yes and i chat with their screen sharing
feature just basically a native version
of ichat from apple for the ipad i think
that would be really really nice if they
went ahead and put that in so what do
you guys think and yes again let's recap
I know that the ipad is primarily a
media consumption device and that Apple
has positioned it as such but given
consumer demand um well the mac sales
have wrote the mac sales have risen pc
failed sales have fallen in favor of
tablet sales that's interesting anyway
the market will dictate where we're
going but let's just save in theory and
just for sake of argument that the
tablet was going to replace a laptop
that's basically what I think would need
to happen in order to make that happen
what you guys think thank you for
watching comments or walk
going to have a nice day